Q1: When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    I will use a remote repository if i need to share my work with others to see, test or comment on my work. THat's cumbersome to do if i keep all my work local. 

Q2: Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    By using manual pull from the remote instead of automatic updates, i have more control on what i want to lod into my local workspace. I can be more discriminating. Also, if my current checkout branch is not the same as the one in my remote, an automatic update may yield undesirable results difficult to undo. 

Q3: Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    A fork is used to duplicate or clone a  repository in GitHub to another GitHub account or branch. A clone is used to copy a repository from GitHub to a local machine or to duplicate a respository on a local machine. A branch does not create a duplicate of a repository but allows one to add updates to the latest commit of a repository while leaving the master unaffected. I would use fork when i need to update some files belonging to a repository for which i have no update permission. By creating myself a copy of the repository,  I am able to do my updates on my own copy as needed without affecting the original. I will use clone to get myself a local copy of a repository from GitHub. 

Q4: What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Having the last known state of the 'remote' stored locally allows one to track changes that others may have pushed to the remote, or you yourself pushed to the remote from another device.  If you do not have such a copy, it will be harder to determine what changes were made (by you or others) since your last push.  

Q5: How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

Q6: When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
load into my local 